WIP) Update SJR with vanilla js instead jquery (#37529)
rails/rails: guides/source/working_with_javascript_in_rails.md

> in this guide will be in CoffeeScript. All of these lessons, of course, apply

Reviewer: Should probably change this note :)

Author: @connorshea Do you want those two lines to be removed?

Reviewer 2: Yes.

Reviewer 3: You can likely remove this entire paragraph. We ship with ES6 by default, and since ES6 is intended to supersede ES5, it probably isn't worth distinguishing.

to vanilla JavaScript as well.

As an example, here's some JavaScript code that makes an Ajax request:

```

>     fetch("/test")

Reviewer 3: I think we can get rid of the indentation here.

      .then(data => data.text())

>       .then(data => {

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      .then(html => {
```
and the reference below 👇

### Page Change Events

> When writing CoffeeScript, you'll often want to do some sort of processing upon

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You'll often want to do some sort of processing upon
```

> page load. With vanilla JavaScript, you'd write something like this:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
page load. Using the DOM, you'd write something like this:
```
Also bonus points if we replace our first reference to the DOM with: `[Document Object Model (DOM)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Introduction)`
